Synchronously check all `transactions` to have non-zero length (#573)
ethereum/execution-apis: src/engine/paris.md

#### Specification

> 1. Client software **MUST** validate that all `transactions` have non-zero length (at least 1 byte). Client software **MUST** run this validation in all cases even if this branch or any other branches of the block tree are in an active sync process. Client software **MAY** employ stricter checks and validate that all `transactions` are fully valid.

Reviewer: Why **MAY** in the second case? Can we change it to **MUST** as likely ELs run this validation either before or during the block hash computations, or not?
```suggestion
1. Client software **MUST** validate that all `transactions` are encoded correctly and have non-zero length (at least 1 byte). Client software **MUST** run this validation in all cases even if this branch or any other branches of the block tree are in an active sync process.
```

Author: For the purpose of computing a unique block hash that's not affected by hash collisions, it's fine if a transaction is malformed as long as it is not empty.

MAY wording enables CL implementations to also perform the checks in situation where the EL is unavailable (maintenance etc); making this a MUST requires knowledge of individual transaction types.

Reviewer: MAY introduces ambiguity as transactions encoding may be run synchronously or may be not depending on the state of the node and EL client implementation

Author: It's the same ambuity that's already present with steps (4) and (5). But arguably, the stricter transaction validation check is already covered by those. As in, if a transaction doesn't parse, it will fail in step (4). And step (5) already allows deferring validation until fcU. Will remove it from here. Only the empty-check has to be done always and must be synchronous, as in, there has to be an INVALID on newPayload if a tx is empty, so that there is no chance that allows the CL to optimistically import it and request an ambiguous fcu lateron.

> 4. Client software **MUST** validate the payload if it extends the canonical chain and requisite data for the validation is locally available. The validation process is specified in the [Payload validation](#payload-validation) section.
> 
> 5. Client software **MAY NOT** validate the payload if the payload doesn't belong to the canonical chain.

Reviewer: This “ambiguity" is necessary to handle different EL client designs

5. Client software **MAY NOT** validate the payload if the payload doesn't belong to the canonical chain.

6. Client software **MUST** respond to this method call in the following way:
  * `{status: INVALID, latestValidHash: null, validationError: errorMessage | null}` if `transactions` contains zero length entries
  * `{status: INVALID_BLOCK_HASH, latestValidHash: null, validationError: errorMessage | null}` if the `blockHash` validation has failed
  * `{status: INVALID, latestValidHash: 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000, validationError: errorMessage | null}` if terminal block conditions are not satisfied
  * `{status: SYNCING, latestValidHash: null, validationError: null}` if requisite data for the payload's acceptance or validation is missing
  * with the payload status obtained from the [Payload validation](#payload-validation) process if the payload has been fully validated while processing the call
  * `{status: ACCEPTED, latestValidHash: null, validationError: null}` if the following conditions are met:

>     - all `transactions` have non-zero length

Author: while that would also cover the non-zero case, it's not strictly needed in `newPayload` and could be reported in `forkchoiceUpdated` as well. So far, the synchronous errors seem to cover the absolute minimum to ensure security, as in, to link the EL data with the `blockHash`.

>     - all `transactions` have non-zero length

Author: agree though that it should at least be possible to return an `INVALID` if transactions fail to deserialize (even if not required)
